next we replace the body material for this
choose group replacement
body material lists select
necessary material it will be DSTP 16
gray-white we see as material
gradually changing with each product
material for mignews
similarly change the material of the facade
choose group replacement
facade material and indicate the list
necessary material
but this time it will be a gray-white 22
gloss
facade material changes
now edit the terminal cabinet
interchange he rear wall material
choose DSTP 16 gray-white
the material has changed further set
wall kitchen modules
they are installed are similar to the bottom
module select in the list
required module we specify it
location fix the line
we installed the first wall mount
the module is installed in the same way
other modules
these products are standard
catalog items have a certain
price and item after editing
products become non-standard it
cost is calculated by cost
materials from which it is collected
the product can also be selected by the user
and other ways to calculate the cost
custom product as you can
notice when placing products top
the left corner of the viewport appear
messages that help identify
correct installation
also when arranging conveniently
switch between viewports
depending on where you are located
your product
for example installing this cabinet we
switch to the second viewport
left
now install the last wall
module
choose a semi-circular cabinet in the catalog
terminal install it install
wall modules finished on
install the length gauges for a start put
tabletop for this choose lengthy
table top
right click and install
parameters here we specify the length
38 millimeters thick material
dlinnomer choose dstp 38 letters
now choose automatically and execute
length is automatically installed
we will install a similar base
automatically execute we see that
the base was installed from the wrong material
which we need so take advantage
material replacement
choose the command material replacement
specify the base then select all
finish me and the falcon stuff
choose from the list of chipboard material is 16
the cap has changed further install
wall panel choose wall panel
and set its parameters, select
panel material
DSTP 16 letters indicate the installation point
wall panel 1 2 and 3 click finish
wall panel is now installed
set input chipper for this
select water bump and install it
parameter choose material water
chipper year chipper with 18 letters indicate
installation points click finish year
the bump was also installed install
cornice choose cornice parameters given
case, the parameters of the eaves suit us
Now choose automatically and
complete the installation
dlinnomer finished